Hello welcome back to the course on deep natural language processing.
Today we're talking about Bean search decoding.
In fact we're going to talk about two things we talk about greedy decoding versus the search decoding
and the reason for that will become very apparent as soon as we start discussing both.
So let's dive straight into it.
3-D decoding this is the name that was given to the most obvious most natural or like kind of like first
the first thing that pops into your mind when you think of how are we going to come up with results
from our sequence to sequence.
So let's have a look.
We in the input into the network and then it produces the first word it produces like it gives us probabilities
for 20000 words we select and then we will know the one of the highest.
And in this case it say I'm.
And then we just pick that one with the highest probability and then we continue as remembering the
next that we feed.
We look for the next word and we feel that that word I'm back into the network and then comes up with
an explore another 20000 scores for the words and then we pick the one with the highest score.
In this case it's going to be here.
And then again we feed in that words here and a network and we see what the network produces on the
next step and it reduces end of sentence.
And so that's it.
So that would be our response here would be.
So there's our inputs like Who are you back in Australia.
And the answer would be I'm here and that's that's the whole process.
And the reason it's called Greeley's because every time we just pick the word with the highest probability
like we're very greedy we only look at the one with the highest or that's how you can remember it.
On the other hand we have Bheem search decoding which is a bit more sophisticated so we feed in the
input into the network but then instead of looking at just the one word with the highest probability
for the first bot We'll look at the very top three for example as with hyperbolas it could be top 3
could be top 10 it's it's up to you to decide how many beam's you want but if you look at three then
you'll have three B's and this time we have.
Yes.
Iman thanks as we remember from previous example Indeed I'm has perhaps a higher score and yes untax
have lower scores but nevertheless we're going to look at all three.
Then the way to think about is like at this point the universe splits into three and we have three versions
of our sequence to sequence we have one version where the first word is yes we have another version
where the first word is I'm and we have another version where the first word is sex.
And they're like now from here they're like developing independent.
Now we for this sequence the sequence model where the first word is yes we now look at the second word
we we feed in the word yes.
Back into that model and we see what it produces it produces these possible options for the second word.
Same thing happens here.
We feed in this word back into a.
In this universe it produces these options for the second.
And same thing happens here with it in this for back in 2012 we look at the options for second work
and these are the options and so on.
So we keep doing that every time it splits and so on and so on and so on and then we get some options.
We get some results.
And the way we look at the way we pick the winner in this case is we look at the highest joint probability
across the whole team.
So in this case as you can see it might be a different result.
It might be yes I'm back end of sentence as I recall previously.
Our winner was.
Let's go back.
Our winner was in Greeley decoding was.
I'm here and here are winners.
Yes I'm back.
And the reason why it's different.
It can be different is because in the case of I'm here the word I'm had the highest score of these three.
And so that's why we picked it and therefore we completely limited our choice.
We never even saw these beams.
We never saw these.
And then the word here was highest and so we took that and knew that that was the only option too simply
because we limited it at the very start.
What how like.
However even though the word might have a higher score than the word yes.
Overall this beam.
Yes I'm back.
U.S. might have a higher joint probability joint score across the whole team than this team itself.
So is probably better to allow probabilities the joint probability of these responses of the beam itself
is could could be higher than the one that we had in Agreed Ikoyi meaning that it's a better fit for
our answer.
So that's something to look out for.
And as you can see the beams they grow very quickly so if you start with three then you have nine we
have 27.
And just keeps growing from there though there is a way to limit this so you can.
The technique that can be applied is called truncating the beams and that means is at the start of the
input then you have three then goes to nine and again some of them are really like us.
But that doesn't truncate that like it can happen can't make it happen.
But the point is that then here once the three at nine or even a bit further you the algorithm will
look at the beams that have already have a very low joint probability.
So like let's say thanks.
Please something.
So maybe this be in play.
Thanks pre-sent might like it logically might not be the best response.
Like if you think about it from a point of view of human interaction.
But also like the joint probability of the bee might be low and then therefore the algorithm would just
throw it away it won't it won't continue looking at that one.
And then why throw away this one in my driveway this one might throw away this one and this one and
this one like this one maybe and the ones that have larger abilities where it looks like they won't
be the winners in the end or they won't be in the top three or however much we are many options looking
for.
It looks like they are going to just lead to some optimal results anyway so the algorithm can't throw
them away and that way what can happen is you get all three.
Nine and then some will get truncate and you might go back to like four or five or three and then again
like expand and contract expand contract.
And so that way you're still benefiting from that different variety coming from the beams.
But at the same time you're not falling victim to like exploding beams where the competition cost is
unbearable.
So that's that's an option and just good to know that it's there because that means it's not a lost
cause to look at the search decoding because it is possible to do because we have techniques to limit
that exposure.
And by the way this is this is I think this is a very interesting way of reading result.
What I was going to say about like by the way this reminds me reminds us of what we started this whole
process with is that first initial email.
So here if you look back down here you can see that there's three options here.
So now you can you can say that you know where they came from because that's exactly the kind of they
came from that be inserted decoding that they.
These are three different beams that were picked as the three winners across the options that were provided
by this algorithm.
How cool is that.
We started off and we went through a very long journey but we did get to our end goal and now we know
where these come from.
And moreover there is of course more techniques for instance as techniques that will help with the variability
of the beams so to make them not look like all the same.
Yes I'm around this and that.
Yes I'm here.
You know that would be boring.
There are techniques that help make sure that they're not all identical or close to identical but nevertheless
like we've got in the core of the algorithm and now when you look at your G-mail app next time if you're
using it you will like you'll see these and you'll be reminded and you'll know where they came from.
So there you go.
Really enjoyed discussing this with you.
I hope you enjoyed it too.
And I look forward to seeing you next hour.
Until then enjoy deep natural language processing.